# odin-todo-list

Making a todo list application in JavaScript using ES6 modules and following the SOLID principles of best practice. 
The user will need the ability to add todo-items to this page, use classes to generate them with at least the properites of title, discription, dueDate, startDate, priority, notes, progress, which project it belongs to if any. 
Projects will also be classes with the properties of title, dueDate, startDate, priority, notes, number of todo-items in it, progress as a % of items in it completed. 


On the page there will be a content-hub, the homepage to this will be the collection of projects generated by the user and the collection of the todo-items not belonging to any project. These projects will all display their progress% stylized as a cirle with it's circumference being filled. Clicking on a project will make the contents of that project fill the content-hub and move all other project to the left side to form a nav-bar, create an animation using JS and CSS to have the other projects glide to the left and organise themselves by dueDate.


The main body will now be showing just the todo-item's titles and dueDates from the selected project sorted by either due date, priority or time added. Each individual todo-item will have a drop-down arrow and if that is clicked then the todo-item will expand and all the other infomation will show.


The left side of the hub will be a nav-bar in which the user can navigate between different 'projects' again displaying their progress% stylized as a cirle with it's circumference being filled. Clicking on any of these projects will change which todo-list is being shown in the main body of the content-hub, again make an animation to show the list emerging from that project and the previous project collapsing into it's own project on the nav-bar.
